So enough of the theory,
let's go back to our course project and there we created a simple project in module one where I used
Angular with Ionic to create this project.
What I'll do now is I will actually delete all the content here, we'll later recreate such a project and
I will start without Angular,
I'll just add an index.html file and here in VS Code which is the editor I'm using, I can create
a new HTML5 skeleton by typing HTML and then simply hitting control space and then selecting
HTML5 and we get this skeleton here. Now as a first simple dummy app here, I want to build a budget
planner, basically a list that allows us to add expenses and calculate our total expenses,
so a very simple app which will still allow us to already use quite a bit of these Ionic components.
Now why am I using this without Angular?
Because whilst we will use Angular for the rest of the course, one of the biggest strengths of these
Ionic web components is that they work without any framework as well
and I want you to understand this and I want to focus solely on Ionic here
so that you don't even have a chance of thinking that this could be Angular's thing or that Angular could
be doing something here because we're not using Angular in this simple app
but no worries, for the rest of the course we will use it.
So here I want to use just Ionic and we can do that. For this,
you should visit ionicframework.com and there, developer's UI components,
click on guide here and then simply choose packages and CDN.
Now here you learned how you can add Ionic to an Angular app but you'll also find this CDN link
here which you can add into any HTML file to include the Ionic package to it and with the Ionic
package,
I mean this package of pre-built Ionic web components. You should add it here at the end of your head
section and you can leave it just like this
and actually what's not mentioned here, at least not when I'm recording this,
you don't just need the Javascript package,
you also want some default styles. For this, you can simply duplicate this import but change it to a link
which has a rel attribute of stylesheet and where you then set the ref attribute and you
should point at the same link but then replace this here with CSS and instead of ionic.js, you
need to have ionic.bundle.css. Now we have both the styles and Javascript code and we're
now ready to go and ready to start using Ionic's components.